[TwigBundle] Enable `#[AsTwigFilter]`, `#[AsTwigFunction]` and `#[AsTwigTest]` (#20879)
symfony/symfony-docs: quick_tour/the_architecture.rst

Thanks to Symfony's service handling, you can *extend* Symfony in many ways, like
by creating an event subscriber or a security voter for complex authorization

> rules. Let's add a new filter to Twig called ``greet``. How? Create a simple class

Reviewer: We avoid subjective words like "simple". "Plain" or nothing would be more adapted.

    namespace App\Twig;

    use App\GreetingGenerator;
    use Twig\Attribute\AsTwigFilter;
    use Twig\Extension\AbstractExtension;

>     class GreetExtension extends AbstractExtension

Reviewer 2: I believe that if you use attributes, extending `AbstractExtension` is no longer required
https://twig.symfony.com/doc/3.x/advanced.html#using-php-attributes-to-define-extensions

Author: Indeed, I forgot to remove it, thanks for the notice I'll fix that ASAP!

    {# templates/default/index.html.twig #}
    {# Will print something like "Hey Symfony!" #}
    <h1>{{ name|greet }}</h1>

>     

Reviewer 3: the added spaces should be removed

Reviewer 4: Did that while merging. Thanks.

> How does this work? Symfony notices that your class uses Twig attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How does this work? Symfony notices that your class uses a Twig attribute
```
